There must have been massive changes in that synagogue from then to now.
The Swansea one.
Yes, well, we used to have regular services every week, every Friday night, every Saturday.
If anyone wanted, or was saying prayer for the dead on the anniversary of the death of the person involved,
we'd have no problem whatsoever in getting a service together so that they could say prayers.
And generally, as I say, there was a lot of togetherness here.
If someone needed help, you would get it.
Right. Do you know what the membership used to be like here?
Used to be up to about 800. And now it's 40.
Okay, big difference. And I guess there's no... what happens if you want kosher meat, what do you do now?
We order it from London. It comes down to Cardiff, because Cardiff have got the same problem as us, they don't have a kosher butcher.
We send a van up to London, which brings it down, drops off the meat in Cardiff, then comes our van from Swansea, picks it up from Cardiff.
Okay, yeah. And that's a regular arrangement?
That's a regular arrangement.
Well, every four, five weeks.
So how... when you do your orders, do you... how is that all coordinated? Do you do it all with the butcher in direct or does someone support that?
No, direct.
Yeah, we give the order to the butcher, and then he collates obviously all the orders, but the van comes from him, he comes to Cardiff, sometimes he goes to Bristol as well.
Yeah.
And then, say, our van, we pay for a van and a driver to go up to Cardiff. And then when... he always rings when he's leaving Cardiff, so we know what time to go down, he parks at a certain place, and usually the managers go down and pick it up.
And then you pay for it the following day with a card, you know, so...
But the main thing is that we also have kosher bread.
Yeah.
So in other words, for Friday night when you use a challah.
And growth series as well.
Yes.
Okay. So all that's sorted every four weeks on the same ground?
Every four weeks, yes.
Okay.